and nintendo is on the rope
Loose nor nintendo 3ds nor will you have
achieved the sales targets of
Nintendo Nintendo foresees losses
annual for the fiscal year total of
2013 worth 35 billion
yen what is the same as 246.36
million euros a figure
chilling at least is what has
could inform the central itself
japanese good sales of nintendo 3ds
have been but unfortunately without
achieve the objectives proposed by
nintendo the console has strong
sales in the Japanese market in the case
of nintendo 3ds that you have sold
approximately 4.9 million units
all this in 2013 so it stays
the doors of the nintendo lens
5 million units of Nintendo
3ds is that if they get close enough
attentive to the words of nintendo that
they say however outside Japan though
It has increased market share
by launching attractive titles
in the year nintendo 3ds has not reached
our sales goals nintendo
stresses that even though nintendo 3ds
has been the most sold console in
markets like the USA has not reached the
forecasts that Nintendo had planned
but let 's talk about the weak point of
nintendo in these moments let's talk about
whose wiiu situation in the case of
this desktop console from nintendo to
seem to have experienced some progress
at the end of the year they have been
throwing several attractive titles after
the summer and have launched packs at prices
affordable according to nintendo both in
europe as in usa as with nintendo
3ds
apparently will not reach the objectives
of recovery that they had thought of
nintendo but this time the thing is more
would be in the case of wii the margin is
much bigger the sales of states
united and europe in particular point
have been significantly lower than
our original forecasts both in
hardware like in games obviously
all this affects something to nintendo and it's
in all those losses
are going to pay attention to the forecast of
losses looming for the company
Nintendo Nintendo has explained that no
achieve your sales goals this
leads them to predict estimates
lower for total sales and
benefits why they review their
fiscal forecasts up to losses
worth 35 billion yen
246 with 35 million euros for the
total of the fiscal year that will close on
next March 31 of this same
year more than complicated situation for
nintendo and especially for wii